<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../../../../dtd/etc/fmdita/dita_resources/DITA-1.3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept props="weights-and-measures-scales" id="Zebra-Concept.dita_77ca8701-9aef-48bf-81fd-89ee6e1599ce">
  <title>Non-automatic Weighing Instruments (NAWI) Scale Certifications</title>
  <conbody>
    <draft-comment>Applicability: For products with scale functionality.
      <ul id="ul_1">
        <li>Note to Reg Lead: Replace [model#1, model#2, model#3] with model number of device. If entering multiple model numbers, enter a comma separated list of device model numbers.</li>
      </ul>
    </draft-comment>
    <section id="section_1">
      <p>Models: <ph keyref="weights-and-measures-models"></ph></p>
      <p>The first step of the verification has been carried out at the manufacturing plant. It comprises all tests according to EN 45501-8.3.3.</p>
      <p>Scanner/Scales defined for Gravity Zones are sealed and marked with Latitude and Elevation range can only be used in predefined zone and are ready for immediate use.</p>
      <note type="important" id="note_1">Scanner/Scales not defined for Gravity Zones (unmarked Latitude and Elevation range) and unsealed are not legal for trade until verification performed by Zebra Technologies authorized service center. Please contact a Zebra Technologies authorized service center for assistance.</note>
      <p>Connection of the NAWI to a Point of Sale (POS/PC) system requires POS manufactures or owners of the equipment to ensure Declaration of Conformity for complete system.</p>
      <p>The full text of the EU Declaration of Conformity is available at the following Internet address: <xref href="https://www.zebra.com/doc" scope="external">zebra.com/doc</xref>.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>