<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../../../../dtd/etc/fmdita/dita_resources/DITA-1.3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="Zebra-Concept.dita_ca2d4450-9819-4ecf-b974-d529d1468eae">
  <title><ph props="regulatory-info">Regulatory Information</ph></title>
  <shortdesc props="regulatory-info">This device is approved under Zebra Technologies Corporation.<data datatype="any" name="regulatory-info" type="dependencies" value="single-model product-series multiple-models"></data></shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <draft-comment props="regulatory-info">MAKE SURE TO SELECT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING - SINGLE MODEL, PRODUCT SERIES, OR MULTIPLE MODELS</draft-comment>
    <p props="single-model">This guide applies to the following model number: <ph keyref="model1"></ph></p>
    <p props="product-series">This guide applies to the following product series: <ph keyref="product-series"></ph></p>
    <p props="multiple-models">This guide applies to the following model numbers:<data datatype="any" name="multiple-models" type="dependencies" value="multiple-model1 multiple-model2 multiple-model3 multiple-model4 multiple-model5 multiple-model6 multiple-model7 multiple-model8 multiple-model9 multiple-model10 multiple-model11 multiple-model12 multiple-model13 multiple-model14 multiple-model15"></data></p>
    <ul props="multiple-models" id="ul_1">
      <li props="multiple-model1"><ph keyref="model1"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model2"><ph keyref="model2"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model3"><ph keyref="model3"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model4"><ph keyref="model4"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model5"><ph keyref="model5"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model6"><ph keyref="model6"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model7"><ph keyref="model7"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model8"><ph keyref="model8"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model9"><ph keyref="model9"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model10"><ph keyref="model10"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model11"><ph keyref="model11"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model12"><ph keyref="model12"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model13"><ph keyref="model13"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model14"><ph keyref="model14"></ph></li>
      <li props="multiple-model15"><ph keyref="model15"></ph></li>
    </ul>
    <p props="regulatory-info1">All Zebra devices are designed to be compliant with the rules and regulations in the locations they are sold and will be labeled as required.<data datatype="one" name="regulatory-info1" type="dependencies" value="regulatory-info"></data></p>
    <p props="regulatory-info1">Local language translation / (BG) Превод на местен език / (CZ) Překlad do místního jazyka / (DE) Übersetzung in die Landessprache / (EL) Μετάφραση τοπικής γλώσσας / (ES) Traducción de idiomas locales / (ET) Kohaliku keele tõlge / (FI) Paikallinen käännös / (FR) Traduction en langue locale / (HR) Prijevod na lokalni jezik / (HU) Helyi nyelvű fordítás / (IT) Traduzione in lingua locale / (JA) 現地語翻訳 / (LT) Vietinės kalbos vertimas / (LV) Tulkojums vietējā valodā / (NL) Vertaling in lokale taal / (PL) Tłumaczenie na język lokalny / (PT) Tradução do idioma local / (RO) Traducere în limba locală / (RU) Перевод на местный язык / (SK) Preklad do miestneho jazyka / (SL) Prevajanje v lokalni jezik / (SR) Превод на локални језик / (SV) Översättning av lokalt språk / (TR) Yerel dil çevirisi / (ZH-CN) 当地语言翻译 / (ZH-TW) 當地語言翻譯</p>
    <p props="regulatory-info1">zebra.com/support</p>
    <p props="regulatory-info1">Any changes or modifications to Zebra equipment not expressly approved by Zebra could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.</p>
    <p props="regulatory-info1">Declared maximum operating temperature: <ph keyref="max-operating-temp"></ph>°C</p>
    <p props="regulatory-info-access-ports-points">
      <draft-comment>Applicability: For use only with Access Ports / Points</draft-comment>
      Zebra devices are professionally installed — the Radio Frequency Output Power will not exceed the maximum allowable limit for the country of operation.</p>
    <p props="regulatory-info-access-ports-points">Antennas: Use only the supplied or an approved replacement antenna. Unauthorized antennas, modifications, or attachments could cause damage and may violate regulations.</p>
    <p props="regulatory-info-access-ports">
      <draft-comment>Applicability: For use only with Access Ports</draft-comment>
      This device is only to be used with a Zebra Wireless Switch.</p>
    <p props="regulatory-info-accessories">
      <draft-comment>Applicability: For Accessories (Not for General product Regulatory Guides)</draft-comment>
      For use only with Zebra approved and UL Listed mobile devices, Zebra approved, and UL Listed/Recognized battery packs.</p>
    <note props="regulatory-info-terminals-wireless-printers" type="caution" id="note_1">
      <draft-comment>Applicability: For Terminals/Wireless printers</draft-comment>
      Only use Zebra approved and NRTL-certified accessories, battery packs, and battery chargers.
      <p>Do NOT attempt to charge damp/wet mobile computers, printers or batteries. All components must be dry before connecting to an external power source.</p>
    </note>
    <note props="regulatory-info-class-a-ite" type="warning" id="note_2">
      <draft-comment>Applicability: Class A ITE devices. For Global compliance, Zebra devices are normally Class B. Class A is only to be used for products which are not operated in or near a residential environment (e.g. wireless switch).</draft-comment>
      This is a Class A ITE product. Operation in a residential environment could cause radio interference.</note>
  </conbody>
</concept>