<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../../../../dtd/etc/fmdita/dita_resources/DITA-1.3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference.dita_7c02e3a9-32d9-47eb-ad3b-fa343f1d3159">
  <title><ph props="us-canada">Radio Frequency Interference Notices</ph></title>
  <shortdesc props="us-canada">This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received including interference that may cause undesired operation.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section props="us-canada-class-b">
      <draft-comment>Applicability: For a Class B device including radio receivers:</draft-comment>
      <note id="note_1">This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:</note>
      <ul id="ul_1">
        <li>Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.</li>
        <li>Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.</li>
        <li>Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.</li>
        <li>Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section props="us-canada-class-a">
      <draft-comment>Applicability: For a Class A device including radio receivers:
        <ul>
          <li>Note to Reg Lead: Class A ITE – For Global compliance, Zebra devices are normally Class B. Class A is only to be used for products which are not operated in or near a residential environment (e.g., wireless switch).</li>
        </ul>
      </draft-comment>
      <note id="note_2">This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class A digital device pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference when the equipment is operated in commercial environment. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instruction manual, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. Operation of this equipment in a residential area is likely to cause harmful interference in which case the user will be required to correct the interference at his own expense.</note>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>