<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../../../../dtd/etc/fmdita/dita_resources/DITA-1.3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference.dita_6156f388-b374-4000-aa41-e6a303b55377">
  <title><ph props="mexico">México</ph></title>
  <refbody>
    <section props="mexico">
      <draft-comment><data datatype="any" name="mexico" type="dependencies" value="mexico-wireless mexico-antennas"></data>Applicability: All devices supporting 902-928MHz or WLAN, or wireless devices that use detachable antenna(e)</draft-comment>
       </section>
    <section props="mexico-wireless" id="section_1">
      <draft-comment>Applicability: All wireless devices supporting 902 - 928 MHz, 2.4GHz or 5GHz bands</draft-comment>
      <draft-comment outputclass="translation">Translation: The operation of this device is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this equipment or device must not cause harmful interference and (2) this equipment or device must accept any interference, including interference which could otherwise cause its undesired operation.</draft-comment>
      <p>La operación de este equipo está sujeta a las siguientes dos condiciones: (1) es posible que este equipo o dispositivo no cause interferencia perjudicial y (2) este equipo o dispositivo debe aceptar cualquier interferencia, incluyendo la que pueda causar su operación no deseada.</p>
    </section>
    <section props="mexico-antennas" id="section_2">
      <draft-comment>Applicability: For products with detachable antennas:
        <ul id="ul_1">
          <li>Note to Reg Lead: Add [x] – gain and [y] impedance from test report or specifications.</li>
        </ul>
      </draft-comment>
      <draft-comment outputclass="translation">Translation: This equipment has been designed to operate with the antennas that are listed immediately and with a maximum antenna gain in [X] dB. Using antennas not included in this list or having a gain greater than [X] dB is prohibited. The impedance of the antenna required is [Y] ohms</draft-comment>
      <p>Este equipo ha sido diseñado para operar con las antenas que enseguida se enlistan y para una ganancia máxima de antena de <ph keyref="mexico-db"></ph> dB. El uso con este equipo de antenas no incluidas en esta lista o que tengan una ganancia mayor que <ph keyref="mexico-db"></ph> dB quedan prohibidas. La impedancia requerida de la antena es de <ph keyref="mexico-ohms"></ph> ohms.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>