<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../../../../dtd/etc/fmdita/dita_resources/DITA-1.3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference props="use-with-hearing-aids" id="reference.dita_84cee763-2940-4dc3-96e5-511c09c0ea83">
  <title>Use with Hearing Aids - FCC</title>
  <shortdesc>
    <draft-comment>Applicability: For WAN handset supporting voice calls</draft-comment>
    When some wireless devices are used near some hearing devices (hearing aids and cochlear implants), users may detect a buzzing, humming, or whining noise. Some hearing devices are more immune than others to this interference noise, and wireless devices also vary in the amount of interference they generate. In the event of interference, you may want to consult your hearing aid supplier to discuss solutions.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The wireless telephone industry has developed ratings for some of their mobile phones to assist hearing device users in finding phones that may be compatible with their hearing devices. Not all phones have been rated. Zebra terminals that are rated have the rating included on the Declaration of Conformity (DoC) at <xref href="http://https://www.zebra.com/doc" scope="external">zebra.com/doc</xref>.</p>
      <p>The ratings are not guarantees. Results will vary depending on the user’s hearing device and hearing loss. If your hearing device happens to be vulnerable to interference, you may not be able to use a rated phone successfully. Trying out the phone with your hearing device is the best way to evaluate it for your personal needs.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>