<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../../../../dtd/etc/fmdita/dita_resources/DITA-1.3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference props="colombia" id="reference.dita_d0b1e525-8f9d-4bad-a6ff-d2eb01f476b1">
  <title>Colombia</title>
  <shortdesc>
    <draft-comment outputclass="translation">Translation: Dear User, the following information is given in conformity what is established in the Regime of user protection, issued by the CRC.</draft-comment>
    <p>Señor usuario, la siguiente información se entrega de conformidad con lo establecido en el Régimen de protección de los derechos de los usuarios, expedido por la Comisión de Regulación de Comunicaciones.</p></shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <draft-comment>Applicability: For wan MOBILE COMPUTERS only.</draft-comment>
      <draft-comment outputclass="translation">Translation: Recommendations for use:
        <ol id="ol_1">
          <li>Use hands free devices whenever possible</li>
          <li>Avoid using the device while driving</li>
          <li>In cases where the phone is used by children, the elderly, pregnant women and those with immune system problems, please consult a doctor and the device manual.</li>
          <li>If you use any electronic device for medical reasons, please ensure that this is protected against external radio waves.</li>
          <li>Turn off your phone in places such as hospitals, health centres, planes, petrol stations, in the presence of explosive gases, and places where explosions are carried out.</li>
          <li>Prevent allowing third parties to use your phone in order to avoid devices such as spyware or hidden trackers being installed, which attack the security of the information contained in the device.</li>
        </ol>
      </draft-comment>
      <p>Recomendaciones de uso:</p>
      <ol id="ol_2">
        <li>Utilice siempre que pueda dispositivos manos libres.</li>
        <li>Evite utilizar el equipo mientras conduce un vehículo.</li>
        <li>En caso que el teléfono sea utilizado por niños, ancianos, mujeres embarazadas y población inmunocomprometida, consulte a su médico y el manual del equipo.</li>
        <li>Si usted utiliza algún dispositivo electrónico de uso médico, asegúrese que el mismo esté protegido contra las ondas de radiofrecuencia externas.</li>
        <li>Apague su teléfono en lugares tales como: hospitales, centros de salud, aviones, estaciones de suministro de combustible, en presencia de gases explosivos y lugares donde se realizan explosiones.</li>
        <li>Evite que terceros hagan uso de su teléfono para prevenir la implantación de dispositivos como programas espías (spyware) o identificadores ocultos, que atentan contra la seguridad de la información contenida en el mismo.</li>
      </ol>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>