<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task props="creating">
  <title>Creating Content</title>
  <shortdesc>Create a set of DITA files using any XML editor, such as <ph keyref="about-xml-editor"></ph>. When creating the content:</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
	<steps>
		<step><cmd>Add a unique props attribute to all blocks of content.</cmd>
			<info>Each props name becomes a selectable row in Ditaform. You can add multiple blocks of content to a row by tagging them with the same props attribute.</info></step>
		<step><cmd>Add variables as ph elements with a unique keyref attribute.</cmd>
		<substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>In topics, use the following format:</cmd> <stepxmp><codeblock>&#60;ph keyref="variable-name"&#62;&#60;/ph&#62;</codeblock></stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>In the map, use the following format to define the variable:</cmd>
		  <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>&#60;keydef keys="variable-name"&#62;
    &#60;topicmeta&#62;
        &#60;keywords&#62;
            &#60;keyword&#62;sample value&#60;/keyword&#62;
        &#60;/keywords&#62;
    &#60;/topicmeta&#62;
&#60;/keydef&#62;</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
		</step>
		<step><cmd>Add dependencies to a section by adding a data element with the following format:</cmd><stepxmp>
			<codeblock>&#60;data datatype="any-or-one" name="parent-props-name" type="dependencies" value="child-props-names"&#62;</codeblock></stepxmp>
			<info><p>For an example, see c-about-ditaform.dita</p><ul><li><code>datatype</code> - set to <code>any</code> for one or more allowed values, or set to <code>one</code> to allow only one value to be chosen.</li><li><code>name</code> - set to the props name of the parent.</li><li><code>type</code> - describes the function of this element.</li><li><code>value</code> - space separated list of one or more child props names.</li></ul></info></step>
	</steps>
	  <result>A ditaval file containing all props names is automatically generated when you save in Ditaform.</result>
  <taskbody/>
</task>
