<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task props="using">
  <title>Using Ditaform</title>
  <shortdesc>Select from the available pieces of content and edit variables defined by the content authors.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
	<steps>
		<step><cmd><uicontrol>New</uicontrol> opens a new copy of the form.</cmd></step>
		<step><cmd><uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> opens a previously saved form.</cmd></step>
		<step><cmd><uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> saves changes.</cmd><info>When saving a project for the first time, opens a <uicontrol>Save As</uicontrol> dialog.</info></step>
		<step><cmd><uicontrol>Save As</uicontrol> creates a set of three files using the specified <code>NAME</code>.</cmd><info><ul><li><code>NAME-map.ditamap</code> (map file) contains variable definitions and links to all of the content files.</li><li><code>NAME.ditamap</code> (bookmap file) contains information about the document, a link to the <code>NAME-map.ditamap</code> file, and a list of selected translation languages.</li><li><code>NAME.ditaval</code> (ditaval file) contains a list of all of the rows displayed in the form and tracks which ones are included in the document.</li></ul></info></step>
		<step><cmd><uicontrol>Close</uicontrol> exits Ditaform.</cmd></step>
		<step><cmd><uicontrol>Languages</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> selects translation languages.</cmd><info>The selected languages are saved inside a &#60;data&#62; tag in the bookmap file.</step>
		<step><cmd>Yellow text indicates a draft comment.</cmd></step>
		<step><cmd>Blue text indicates translated content.</cmd></step>
		<step><cmd>Purple text indicates dependencies.</cmd></step>
		<step><cmd>Purple text indicates dependencies.</cmd><info>Missing dependencies are indicated in the left column in yellow.</step>
	</steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
